OK.
Our first task is to create some kind of folder structure because obviously we're going to have to have
the project and within the project there's gonna be multiple files.
Now we can obviously work in the example folder that we had before but I think this is going to actually
help us by going over the steps again to kind of solidify in our mind.
Now let's start first by again creating the folder you can created wherever you would like.
But I'm going to do this in the next stop.
And let me just rename this and I'm going to say that a folder name is going to be coffee and then obviously
I would need my text order so I can just open up my text there and again.
However you would like it but we would need to get this folder or text order.
I'm just gonna drag and drop it and sure enough this is going to be my folder now within the folder
First I would like to create my homepage.
So I'm going to say that there will gonna be index e-mail.
And since I know that we can use them and I'm gonna use the exclamation mark to get my basic structure.
Now within this basic structure maybe let's just change the title and let's say coffee and let's call
this junky and maybe within the heading One let's write some kind of hello world.
Now obviously there's going to be more work that we're going to be doing but I would just like to set
up the live server first and all kinds of things after that.
So let's say first since we know how to work with life server we would need to open it up again.
We have an option of opening up in multiple ways.
So it's a we know that we can right click it and then I have an option of open live server.
So I'm going to click on that and this is going to open up the life sir.
Now this is all good but what's happening is I would like to have to screen so one screen is gonna have
the final project where I'm going to show you what we're going to be doing as well as I'm going to look
at my current project in the bigger browser one hour whereas I'm working side by side with my project.
I would also like to show you how the project looks in a small browser window.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm going to open up the new window and look just let me just make
this a little bit smaller.
This is really big right now and I'm gonna again check for 127 for my indexation amount.
Now in this case what I'm gonna do is I'm just going to set these one side by side.
So as you can see this would be my project where I'm working.
Hopefully you can see everything correctly.
Maybe let me make this one a little bit smaller.
And then this is where we're gonna be doing most of our work.
This is the small browser window so you can see exactly what everything is happening and then this would
be a bigger browser and that would be initial setup.
Now also the right to right away I create my folder where we're gonna be placing our images.
So let's say a new folder I'm gonna name my folder images.
So this would be our basic structure for the project.
And now we can ready to go and start importing our images.